Action
Many times, when we
think an animation is ready
We see her again later and there are
details that can be corrected or improved.
That is why I will show you details
that I adjusted in this camera shot
to take them into account.
First I adjusted the time a
little by shortening the first movement
so that they are only three
frames to make it very impressive.
I left space at the beginning
before entering the boot in the shot,
and I adjusted the end time
also so that it comes out faster.
Then I added some
secondary action to the strings
to give them a little bounce,
which is very subtle
but adds a little life.
Finally, the Posterize layer
where I pass some parts of
the animation to 12 frames.
Here we see the curve where
I left the first part in 24
to see all the movements of
the first frame, which is fast,
and once he makes contact
I passed it to 12 to
limit this animation a bit.
Finally, I returned to 24 at
the time the boot is removed.
And so time was a little tighter
and the boot movement
a little bit more neat.
Now we go with the next shot,
which is this one of the pirouette.
This shot presents a very big challenge,
that of bringing this pose to the standing pose.
For that, first we are going to
unlink our layers of the camera null
so as not to worry about the
horizontal camera movement for now.
We will simply carry a pose
from one place to another.
When we meet an instance
in which we face a challenge
here of the animation,
we can go back to the drawing
to generate references that serve as
an intermediate for the transition.
In this case, what I did
was, back in Photoshop,
open the sketches of our poses
and I left the two poses that
we already have as a reference.
Then I started to sketch some
ideas of how the transition can be.
I also did this with
the help of a reference,
I searched online for "aerial cartwheel",
which would be like this kind of pirouette
which is not exactly
what we are going to do
but it serves me equally as a
reference to see how the legs move.
Our pirouette, being a pretty
fancy animation, so to speak,
It's not a very real pirouette,
then we don't need to rely on a
movement that is too realistic
but it still helps us understand how to
move things from one place to another.
In this case, it helped me to
understand that at the time of final support
First one leg is fully
supported while the other is opposite.
I figured that in the
transition between these two poses
the intermediate position can be in
which one foot is already going down
to lean on the floor while
the other is still straight.
Finally I added a very easy pose,
the moment when the
character leans on the floor.
It would be like a kind of
Overlapping, or Overshoot,
let's say, where the character,
with all the strength that comes,
You have to sit on the floor
for a moment and then stand up.
I just flexed my legs.
For now, I think that with these two
poses we already have at least one idea
of how we are going
to move our character.
In this instance where
we make support drawings,
the sketches can be even more sloppy
that at the beginning, because
we are simply helping each other
Get an idea of how to locate things.
It is not necessarily a
figure that we are going to copy.
So just drawing some
lines should be enough.
I'm going to export this just
for reference in After Effects.
Already in After Effects, I imported
the image we just exported from Photoshop
and we place it where it has to go
and we will have it as a reference.
So it is a guiding layer.
Let's leave it
there, very transparent,
because it is a reference
that has to be very smooth.
And we will start with the
animation of the pirouette.
In this case, again we will extract
all layers of our pose,
since in this precomp they are
bottomless and without much reference.
We will use the
Un-PreCompose plugin again.
And we will extract the layers.
We remove the
Controller, which is not necessary,
and we have our
character in these three layers.
Again we convert it to a vector,
luckily this time they are few layers.
This for now we
eliminate, not to confuse.
Here we want our character
to be doing the pirouette
around the diamond,
then we will add a null
It will be centered on the
diamond, at least approximately.
And we are going to link
our character to that null.
Null Pirouette.
Because in this scene I imagine
the character doing such a rotation.
So that kind of thing
no need to make them
directly on all vector layers,
because you have to work a
lot in intermediate transitions.
We take advantage of this kind of
very simple rotation of After Effects
to have it as a base.
We will make such a movement,
as it comes from this point.
Go through the central point,
which we have already designed.
And it comes more or less here.
We still do not know how long it
will last, we will adjust times.
But I can imagine that
it can start quite quickly
and then have a
fairly linear movement.
I imagine that in this
scene we can keep a movement
slow motion in this part,
and when the character
falls back to normal speed.
There we see that at least a
little animation we are already adding.
This is still very raw, but
we will see previous scenes
If that kind of movement works.
I think it's pretty good, I think
the fact of having this momentum
up to the left
It helps us connect with this moment
as if this foot we see
here is this foot we see here.
That movement, which also
continues up to the left,
It helps us connect the two scenes.
Now it is simply to adjust the poses
by animating the Paths to add detail.
By the way, this depends on the keyboard
but there is a little button next to the 1
which in my case has a tilde,
which is what makes us
expand any of the panels
We want from the interface.
It's the same as double
clicking on the tab, for example.
That helps us when we have to
do some work only in a panel.
These keyframes that we have already
defined will fix them in the intermediate pose,
The one we designed in our styleframe.
We are going to adjust a
previous pose and a later pose.
The posterior pose may be
similar to the reference we made.
So let's take that as a reference.
At first I don't care much about hair,
since being an appendix type
element, that is, something that is added
to the main body,
It is the kind of elements that move
with some inertia, with Overlapping.
We usually leave that for last.
I'm going to focus
first on the legs, which are
The stars of this movement.
With this same object we
will give it some rotation
to avoid having to do full leg
rotation by moving the nodes.
We are going to
locate the anchor here,
and I'm going to give it some
rotation to help us in that movement.
What we are going to need now is
to adjust the waist, let's say.
I will put the hair
with some transparency
to draw from behind.
Again you have to do the
thorough work of adjusting nodes.
It's going pretty well, but
again we found the situation
that to rotate a part of
the body only with nodes,
the volume is slightly deformed,
so again it has to be compensated.
This is already taking shape.
You will have to adjust
the speeds, of course.
In fact, we had placed
this pose in the middle
but now that our
movement has this acceleration,
The midpoint is more or less here.
So, all this has to happen
almost from the beginning.
With Alt we can stretch the keyframes.
We are going to adjust
some things of the pose again,
following with the legs.
This is pretty good,
just adjust the times.
I calculated that this type of
movement will have a kind of slow motion here,
but in the end, when the
character is about to fall,
We will have a faster movement.
So let's put all this
together and add a rotation here,
That will be when the
acceleration increases again.
We will return the opacity to the
hair and we will see how it looks.
I think for now it's pretty
good, not counting that we're not
cheering hair
and also at this moment
when our character falls
Go around that looks a bit weird.
Because here he is perfectly on his
back and here he is just in front.
But as we play with fantasy and
deforming things so that they are
as more playful, say,
In this case it does not affect.